
  
      1. What is Semantic HTML? 

        Semantic html referes to the idea that whenever you wrap your content with a tag, the tag you
        are using represents the content. 

      2. What is HTML used for? 
    
        html is a markup language used to give structure and meaning to a webpage

      3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

        attrubutes are put within element tags, they can be used for many things, such as class assignment, url links, 
        or even style sheet linking.

      4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

        the h1 tag is used for your most important heading and should only be used once.

      5. Name two tags that have required attributes

        href, link

      6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?

        link tags (fonts,js,css), as well as metadata.

      7. What is an id? 

        an id is like a class except it is only used once and carries a higher specificity than a class.

      8. What elements can I add an id to? 

        most of them... examples - h1-h6, div, section, li, a, p, header, footer...

      9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

        one time

      10. What is a class? 

        an attribute that is used to target multiple sections of html

      11. What elements can I add a class to? 

        most of them... examples - h1-h6, div, section, li, a, p, header, footer...     

      12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

        as many times as you want

      13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

        within your a tag you would add the target="_blank" attribute

      14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

        if your image can't be displayed then some text will be shown
        in it's place

      15. How do I reference an id?

        #name-of-id

      16. What is the difference between a section and a div

        a section is a more specific type of container while a div
        really can encompass anything

      17. What is CSS used for? 

        styling HTML

      18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

        h2

      19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

        a class is used when you have multipule elments on an html page that you want to style in the same way (using the same class more than one time),
        an id should only be used once - it carrries a higher weight (specificity). If I had a unique section on my page that I know will never be
        used more than once I would apply an ID to that section. Otherwise I would be using a class.

      20. How do we select classes in CSS?

        .class-name

      21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

        .human p

      22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?

        The parent-child relationship is really useful within css. Basicly if I apply some styles to the parent container the child will inherit these
        properties unless overwritten within it's own styling rules. A possible use case is wanting to apply default styls to many elements on your page.

      23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

        .sidebar a

      24. What is a pseudo selector?

        A pseudo selector is a keyword that can be applied to a selector, this will 
        sepcify some special state for the selected elements. I.E. - :hover

      25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

        line-height: newValue;

      26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

        letter-spacing: newValue;

      27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

        text-transform: uppercase;

      28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

        some-div {
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }

      29. How do I select everything on the page? 

        Universal selector tag - *

      30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

        /* My Comment */

      31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

        pwd

      32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

        ls

      33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?

        rm (there are no saftey nets in the shell, i.e. no prompts, warnings, it's gone forever!) 

      34. Why should I use version control? 

        Version control is like time travel, if you mess up or just want to go back you can!, It is also great for code colaborations - providing
        a great way for everybody to work on a single project at one time. Also virtually every software company out there is using version control.
        I would imagine knowing VC is essential for landing a software job.

      35. How often should I commit to github?

        AS OFTEN AS POSSIBLE, its like hitting the save button.

      36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

        git push

      37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

        fork->add TL->clone "FORKED" repo->create new branch
        using cobob case first-last->begin coding->reguarly add, commit
        and push->within github press the compare and pull request button->
        select your forked repo as base repo-> add TL as reviewer-> 
        finally create pull request

  Stretch Questions
  
      1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

        the big difference is block adds a line break after the element, this allows for
        a block element to sit next to other elements.

      2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

        if an element is positioned absolutely than it will move with mouse scroll.
        a good use for this would be the nav bar.

      3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

        flex-basis: width;

      4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
      5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

        address, div, p - span, img - input